README.md, before:

Restaurant Randomizer UI README

## Description
A website that is used to randomly pick a location to eat based on user preferences and set location.  I based it off of stuff I have seen similar crud learning apps that I have seen online.  I have a use for it because some of my coworkers can't always decided where they want to go to get food.

## Website URLs
https://tacostacostacos.github.io/restaurant-randomizer-ui/
https://github.com/TacosTacosTacos/restaurant-randomizer-ui

https://restaurant-randomizer-api.herokuapp.com/
https://github.com/TacosTacosTacos/restaurant-randomizer-api

## Technologies Used
HTML 5, CSS3, Bootstap 3, SASS, Handlebars

## Development process and problem-solving strategy
Based on my experience with the last project, I decided that I would rather focus on implementing and trying out new functionality rather than making a super clean UI.  I spent too much time during the Tic-Tac-Toe project on creating a nav and keeping to the original scope, that I didn't challenge myself at all.  This time around, while I did make sure that I met the requirements first, anything that was outside of requirements was backburnered.  Because of this, I created the site using mockup data.  This defeats the purpose of the site, and moves away from the original vision, but it meets requirements, and does some of the work I would have needed to do anyways to set it up with a custom api call.

## List unsolved problems which would be fixed in future iterations.
It isn't really an unsolved problem, but I would focus on getting the API call to foursquare up and running.  Once that has been done, the project would meet it's original vision.  I would also spend some time on making the UI very purdy.


## Link to wireframes and user stories.
https://git.generalassemb.ly/TacosTacosTacos/full-stack-project-practice/blob/practice/practice.md

Commit message:

Updated readme to reflect changes previously made
Change the readme to reflect that I got the FS API call to work

README.md, after:

Restaurant Randomizer UI README

## Description
A website that is used to randomly pick a location to eat based on user preferences and set location.  I based it off of stuff I have seen similar crud learning apps that I have seen online.  I have a use for it because some of my coworkers can't always decided where they want to go to get food.

## Website URLs
https://tacostacostacos.github.io/restaurant-randomizer-ui/
https://github.com/TacosTacosTacos/restaurant-randomizer-ui

https://restaurant-randomizer-api.herokuapp.com/
https://github.com/TacosTacosTacos/restaurant-randomizer-api

## Technologies Used
HTML 5, CSS3, Bootstap 3, SASS, Handlebars

## Uses code from:
  Spinkit - http://tobiasahlin.com/spinkit/
  Fisher-Yates (aka Knuth) Shuffle - http://sedition.com/perl/javascript-fy.html

## Development process and problem-solving strategy
Based on my experience with the last project, I decided that I would rather focus on implementing and trying out new functionality rather than making a super clean UI.  I spent too much time during the Tic-Tac-Toe project on creating a nav and keeping to the original scope, that I didn't challenge myself at all.  This time around, while I did make sure that I met the requirements first, anything that was outside of requirements was backburnered.  Because of this, I originally created the site using mockup data.  That defeats the purpose of the site, and moves away from the original vision, but it meets requirements, and does some of the work I would have needed to do anyways to set it up with a custom api call.

## List unsolved problems which would be fixed in future iterations.
I would have made some improvements to the logic used in the code.  There are definitely things that can be made more efficient (ex. Preference Logic).  If it wasn't for the project requirements, I would also rip out code that doesn't make much logically sense (aka the delete preference button). I would also spend some time on making the UI nicer.

## Link to wireframes and user stories.
https://git.generalassemb.ly/TacosTacosTacos/full-stack-project-practice/blob/practice/practice.md
